There are a few prerequisites you'll need to do the examples in this course.
I'm using Java 11, and I'm assuming that you already know how to install Java,
so we won't be covering that in this course.
I'm also going to use Maven.
I do have a module at the end where I'm going to show you
how I would use Spring Boot to do this,
but people have requested to have just Spring stand alone by itself.
Spring no longer offers up a way to just download the _____ jars,
and you're forced to use Maven or Gradle to download those dependencies.
There is a Pluralsight course on Maven.
If you have more questions about that, you can research that and follow it.
The next thing you'll need is an IDE.
This is an updated version of the previous course,
and I have chosen to use IntelliJ.
We got feedback that a majority of our users wanted to see
and use the examples within IntelliJ, so we have changed the course to use it.
And, finally, Tomcat.
You won't need this for any of the examples that we're
going to do walking through this course,
but the sample app that I use at the end,
and if you follow along with that, uses Spring Boot.
I will deploy that app to Tomcat as well.
So if you have it, great, if you don't, don't sweat it. Mainly, Java 11 and the latest version of IntelliJ will work.